Feat/specifications component (#1)
vtex-apps/app-store-components: docs/SpecificationText.md

## Description

> `SpeficicationText` is a App Store Component that display the product specifications using paragraphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SpeficicationText` is an App Store Component that displays the product specifications using paragraphs.
```
